1 . The first time I died I was 4 years old. My hands were pried from where they were weakly shielding me and pinned behind my back. He told me he only did it because he loved me. Because I was beautiful. He was 9 years older than me. I didn’t know what was happening, but I knew it wasn’t the love I saw in fairytales. I knew it wasn’t supposed to happen that way.


2 . The second time I died I was 9. I gleefully skipped across the street, seeing my brother, who I thought was my best friend. I felt at home with those boys. They protected me when we ran from police and when the rival crew of boys threw rocks at us. They sat with me on the porch swing and carved my name into the playground we frequented. But on that day, they told me to go home. They didn’t want me anymore. My heart broke. I retreated home, my head low and my limbs weak with malnutrition. Too weak to even attempt to defend myself against the strikes my brother threw at me. That was the year he began using drugs, the year he stopped seeing me as his sister and started seeing me as a punching bag. That was the year the kids in my class would constantly ask me where my black eye was from, why my skin kept turning purple and blue. That was the year I lost more than just my only sense of family; I lost my self as well. I lost my desire to live. I’d fall asleep praying to God that I wouldn’t wake up in the morning. I stopped talking to my friends at school. I stopped eating. I stole one of my mom’s Weight Watchers’ food diaries. I counted every calorie. I didn’t allow myself to have more than 400 a day, although I usually I capped it at 200. My hair fell out, I lost my rosy cheeks, I lost my carelessness, I lost my personality, I lost my friends, I lost my brother, I lost everything. It’s been 7 years and I still haven’t gotten these things back.



3 . The third time I died I was 12. This was the first time I tried to kill myself, but I deny it every time someone asks. It’s omitted from my medical records and from the life of the person my mother thinks I am. This was the first time I took a blade to my skin, the first time I wrote a suicide note. I never tore it out from the journal, nor did I ever touch that journal again. I didn’t throw it away until years afterwards. I fell asleep each night crying, curled in a ball in the corner of my room. I never turned my lights on. I lived that year in black and white. Every color in my vision faded to nothing.



4 . The fourth time I died I was 15. This death came between the harsh hand of reality and my own hand, a trembling fistfull of smooth blue pills that I didn’t have the courage to swallow. This death came with me standing in city traffic in Milwaukee at one in the morning, sobbing into my phone and praying for a car to hit me. This death came with a vodka lemonade that I threw up onto the cracked sidewalk of a dimly lit alleyway.



5 . The fifth death, and the second death at age fifteen. This death occurred in the back of a minivan, parked outside a liquor store at midnight. I was crying, and so was the ghost of my first death. A ghost, 4 years old, chubby arms and tear streaked cheeks. Her arms were pinned behind her back as she watched me, as she watched him grab my wrists the same way he grabbed hers. She watched me as I was overpowered, as she thought “Maybe love really is like this.” As she thought “I didn’t think it was supposed to happen like this, but this is how it’s happening, and it’s happening again, and it happened before, and here it is again. So maybe it’s supposed to be like this.” She sat on my bed a few nights later, watching me with her hands pinned behind her back as mine filled with small white pills. She watched me with her hands pinned behind her back as each pill slid down my throat, as I choked on cheap red wine, as my frantic mother carried her sobbing daughter to the car and drove her to the ER. The next morning I carefully carved a tombstone into my skin, mourning the death of another part of myself. Mourning the 5 parts of myself that have died, and that will never come back to life. 5 pieces of my heart that I will never recover. 5 different people who I could have grown up to be, but now never will. 5 ghosts that haunt my nightmares. 5 ghosts whose scars I carry under my sleeve. 5 ghosts that watch in somber silence each time another comes to join them. I have 9 times to die, but I only have 4 left. And I’m not sure how to protect them. I’m not sure where to hide my last 4 lives to keep them from the greedy hands of the serial killers who so cunningly pry their way into my life.